! Browser based miners such as coinhive


!! domains

! from Coin Blocker List
0x1f4b0.com

! from Coin Blocker List
1ds.us
!+  cryptopool.1ds.us
!+  equipool.1ds.us
! end of 1ds.us

! from Coin Blocker List
1-hash.com

! from NoCoin Filter List
1q2w3.fun
1q2w3.me
1q2w3.top
1q2w3.website

! from NoCoin Filter List
2giga.download

! from Coin Blocker List
2miners.com
2miners.ru

! from Coin Blocker List
2zo.pw

! from Coin Blocker List
7ci.ru

! from Coin Blocker List
8282.space

! from NoCoin Filter List
8jd2lfsq.me

! from Coin Blocker List
99btc.net

! from Coin Blocker List
abseits.ski

! from NoCoin Filter List
adless.io

! from NoCoin Filter List
adminer.com
ad-miner.com

! from NoCoin Filter List
adplusplus.fr

! from Coin Blocker List
ae.org
!+  moneroseeds.ae.org
!+      internet.moneroseeds.ae.org
! end of ae.org

! from NoCoin Filter List
aeros01.tk
aeros02.tk
aeros03.tk
aeros04.tk
aeros05.tk
aeros06.tk
aeros07.tk
aeros08.tk
aeros09.tk
aeros10.tk
aeros11.tk
aeros12.tk

! from NoCoin Filter List
afminer.com

! from NoCoin Filter List
alflying.bid
alflying.date
alflying.win

! from Coin Blocker List
alisepool.xyz

! from Coin Blocker List
allthedisks.com

! from Coin Blocker List
alphaserpentis.space

! from Coin Blocker List
althash.eu

! from Coin Blocker List
altpool.eu
altpool.pro

! from Coin Blocker List
altpools.com

! from Coin Blocker List
alttank.ca

! from NoCoin Filter List
analytics.blue

! from Coin Blocker List
antminereurope.com

! from Coin Blocker List
antminers-bitmain.com

! from Coin Blocker List
antpool.com
!+  inc.antpool.com
! end of antpool.com

! from NoCoin Filter List
anybest.host
anybest.pw
anybest.site
anybest.space

! from NoCoin Filter List
anyfiles.ovh

! from Coin Blocker List
arhash.xyz

! from Coin Blocker List
arqma.com

! from NoCoin Filter List
aservices.party

! from Coin Blocker List
asicpool.info

! from NoCoin Filter List
authcaptcha.com
authedmine.com
authedmine.eu
authedwebmine.cz

! from Coin Blocker List
b3pool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
baikalmine.com

! from Coin Blocker List
basementpool.org

! from Coin Blocker List
bcmonster.com

! from NoCoin Filter List
beatingbytes.com

! from NoCoin Filter List
becanium.com

! from Coin Blocker List
beeppool.org

! from NoCoin Filter List
!berserkpl.net.pl$websocket
berserkpl.net.pl

! from NoCoin Filter List
besocial.online

! from NoCoin Filter List
besstahete.info

! from NoCoin Filter List
bestmobiworld.com

! from Coin Blocker List
biblepay.org

! from Coin Blocker List
bigdatacash.online

! from Coin Blocker List
bitcanna.io

! from Coin Blocker List
bitclub.network
bitclubpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
bitclub.network

! from Coin Blocker List
bitcoad.fun

! from Coin Blocker List
bitcoin.co.pt
!+  em.bitcoin.co.pt
! end of bitcoin.co.pt

! from Coin Blocker List
bitcoin.com
!+  mining.bitcoin.com
! end of bitcoin.com

! from Coin Blocker List
bitcoin.cz

! from Coin Blocker List
bitcoinflex.org

! from Coin Blocker List
bitcoinrigs.org

! from Coin Blocker List
bitdharma.com

! from Coin Blocker List
bitpool.ro

! from Coin Blocker List
bittank.club

! from Coin Blocker List
bittrader.io

! from NoCoin Filter List
bjorksta.men

! from NoCoin Filter List
! coinimp.com
blockchained.party

! from NoCoin Filter List
bmcm.pw
bmcm.ml
bmnr.pw
bmst.pw

! from Coin Blocker List
boldprivate.network

! from Coin Blocker List
bpool.id
bpool.site

! from NoCoin Filter List
brominer.com
browsermine.com

! from Coin Blocker List
bstpl.org

! from Coin Blocker List
btc.com

! from Coin Blocker List
btc.top

! from Coin Blocker List
btcc.com
!+  fix.btcc.com
! end of btcc.com

! from Coin Blocker List
btcchina.com
!+  cloud.btcchina.com
!+      openvpn.cloud.btcchina.com
! end of btcchina.com

! from Coin Blocker List
btcprivate.org

! from Coin Blocker List
btcwulf.com

! from Coin Blocker List
bubblemine.com

! from Coin Blocker List
burst-alliance.org

! from Coin Blocker List
burstcoin.ro

! from Coin Blocker List
burst-team.us

! from Coin Blocker List
bytecoin.cloud
bytecoins.world

! from NoCoin Filter List
cashbeet.com

! from Coin Blocker List
catspool.org

! from Coin Blocker List
ccminer.org

! from NoCoin Filter List
cdn-analytics.pl
cdn-code.host
cdn-jquery.host

! from Coin Blocker List
cloneempirecryptomining.com

! from Coin Blocker List
cloudpools.net

! from NoCoin Filter List
cnhv.co

! from Coin Blocker List
cnpool.cc

! from Coin Blocker List
cnpools.space

! from Coin Blocker List
coiner.site

coinfirm.io
!+  ams.coinfirm.io
! end of coinfirm.io

! from Coin Blocker List
coinfoundry.org

! from NoCoin Filter List
coin-hive.com
coinhive.com

coinimp.com
coinimp.net

! from Coin Blocker List
coinlab.biz

! from Coin Blocker List
coinmine.pl

! from Coin Blocker List
coin-miners.info
!+  node.coin-miners.info
! end of coin-miners.info

! from Coin Blocker List
coinstop.me

! from Coin Blocker List
coinz.pw

! from Coin Blocker List
coronacrypto.online

! from Coin Blocker List
coronatoken.org

! from Coin Blocker List
covid19pool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
crownplatform.com

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptoblock.uk

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptobrowser.site

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptocoins-digging.space

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptoescrow.eu

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptogaming.club

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptoguru.org
!+  burst.cryptoguru.org
! end of cryptoguru.org

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptohispano.net

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptominer.net

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptomininggame.com

! from Coin Blocker List
crypto-mining-pool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptonote.club

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptonotepool.org.uk

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptopool.online
cryptopool.pro

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptorescue.org

! from Coin Blocker List
d3pool.eu

! from Coin Blocker List
dapool.me

! from Coin Blocker List
onlycash.ddns.net

! from Coin Blocker List
dedicatedpool.com
!+  v2.dedicatedpool.com
! end of dedicatedpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
druzensec.win

! from Coin Blocker List
easyhash.de

! from Coin Blocker List
easyx.cc

! from Coin Blocker List
ehashcoins.org

! from Coin Blocker List
einfach-iota.de
!+  node.einfach-iota.de
! end of einfach-iota.de

! from Coin Blocker List
elitter.net

! from Coin Blocker List
emcd.io

! from Coin Blocker List
eqpool.cash

! from Coin Blocker List
equihub.pro

! from Coin Blocker List
ethosdistro.com

! from Coin Blocker List
everstake.one

! from Coin Blocker List
expanse.tech
!+  node.expanse.tech
! end of expanse.tech

! from Coin Blocker List
f2pool.com
!+  openvpn.f2pool.com
! end of f2pool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
fairhash.org

! from Coin Blocker List
fairpool.xyz

! from Coin Blocker List
fastblocks.net

! from Coin Blocker List
flypool.com
flypool.net

! from Coin Blocker List
foxypool.cf

! from Coin Blocker List
freakhouse.dev

! from Coin Blocker List
freebitco.in

! from Coin Blocker List
freecontent.bid

! from Coin Blocker List
frostypool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
gethash.cc

! from Coin Blocker List
getpool.network

! from Coin Blocker List
ginasismining.com

! from Coin Blocker List
gntl.co.uk

! from Coin Blocker List
evolution-project.go.ro

! from Coin Blocker List
golix.com
!+  pool.golix.com
! end of golix.com

! from Coin Blocker List
gonspool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
goodzen.space

! from Coin Blocker List
gos.cx

! from Coin Blocker List
gpumine.org

! from Coin Blocker List
gulfcoastmining.com

! from Coin Blocker List
happyminer.eu

! from Coin Blocker List
hashfaster.com

! from Coin Blocker List
hashhot.com

! from Coin Blocker List
hashlink.eu

! from Coin Blocker List
hashvault.pro
!+  edollar.hashvault.pro
!+  electroneum.hashvault.pro
!+  graft.hashvault.pro
!+  monero.hashvault.pro
!+  nodes.hashvault.pro
!+      edollar.nodes.hashvault.pro
!+      electroneum.nodes.hashvault.pro
!+      graft.nodes.hashvault.pro
!+      karbowanec.nodes.hashvault.pro
!+      monero.nodes.hashvault.pro
!+      turtle.nodes.hashvault.pro
!+  sumo.hashvault.pro
! end of hashvault.pro

! from Coin Blocker List
herominers.com

! from Coin Blocker List
hiveon.net
!+  node.hiveon.net
! end of hiveon.net

! from Coin Blocker List
hws.ru

! from Coin Blocker List
icanmining.ru

! from Coin Blocker List
ikpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
invest-btcmining.com

! from Coin Blocker List
ipspool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
ispace.co.uk

! from Coin Blocker List
joys.digital
!+  int3.joys.digital
!+  ote3.joys.digital
!+  staging.joys.digital
!+  testing.joys.digital
! end of joys.digital

! from Coin Blocker List
k1pool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
kano.is

! from Coin Blocker List
kanpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
kievpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
kingbtc.co

! from Coin Blocker List
kipcoin.org

! from Coin Blocker List
kiramine.com

! from Coin Blocker List
klaro.ooo

! from Coin Blocker List
kremogskum.com

! from Coin Blocker List
krunzy.com

! from Coin Blocker List
leafpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
llama.horse

! from Coin Blocker List
loki.network

! from Coin Blocker List
ltc-e.live

! from Coin Blocker List
lucky-mining.com.ua

! from Coin Blocker List
luxor.tech

! from Coin Blocker List
magical.coffee

! from Coin Blocker List
magnificentpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
majanetwork.com

! from Coin Blocker List
mine2.live

! from Coin Blocker List
minecraftpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
minep.it

! from Coin Blocker List
minepool.hu

! from Coin Blocker List
minercircle.com

! from Coin Blocker List
minerhills.com

! from Coin Blocker List
minero.pw

! from Coin Blocker List
minerpool.net

! from Coin Blocker List
minerpool.net
minerpool.org

! from Coin Blocker List
miners.science

! from Coin Blocker List
minertopia.org

! from Coin Blocker List
minescripts.info

! from Coin Blocker List
mine-vn.com

! from Coin Blocker List
minexca.com

! from Coin Blocker List
mining.garden

! from Coin Blocker List
mining4.co.uk

! from Coin Blocker List
miningclub.info

! from Coin Blocker List
miningfool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
miningpool.io

! from Coin Blocker List
miningpools.cloud

! from Coin Blocker List
miningspeed.com

! from Coin Blocker List
mintpond.com

! from Coin Blocker List
mkwaypools.space

! from Coin Blocker List
mofumofu.me
!+  eu.mofumofu.me
!+  jp.mofumofu.me
! end of mofumofu.me

! from Coin Blocker List
mole-pool.net

! from Coin Blocker List
monerise.com

! from Coin Blocker List
monero.cc

! from Coin Blocker List
monero.org

! from Coin Blocker List
monerominer.rocks

! from Coin Blocker List
monerominers.net

! from Coin Blocker List
moneroocean.stream

! from Coin Blocker List
moneropool.nl

! from Coin Blocker List
msg-2.me

! from Coin Blocker List
multiblockchains.com

! from Coin Blocker List
multifaucet.tk

! from Coin Blocker List
multimining.org

! from Coin Blocker List
multipools.club

! from Coin Blocker List
mutuza.win

! from Coin Blocker List
myminers.org

! from Coin Blocker List
nanopool.org

! from Coin Blocker List
nddmcconmqsy.ru

! from Coin Blocker List
netbill.ru

! from Coin Blocker List
next.exchange

! from Coin Blocker List
nibirupool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
nicehash.com
!+  br.nicehash.com
!+  br-new.nicehash.com
!+  eu.nicehash.com
!+  eu-new.nicehash.com
!+  hk.nicehash.com
!+  hk-new.nicehash.com
!+  in.nicehash.com
!+  in-new.nicehash.com
!+  jp.nicehash.com
!+  jp-new.nicehash.com
! end of nicehash.com

! from Coin Blocker List
nimiq-network.com

! from Coin Blocker List
nocroom.com
!+  la.nocroom.com
!+  pool.nocroom.com
!+      la.pool.nocroom.com
!+      mia.pool.nocroom.com
!+  mia.nocroom.com
! end of nocroom.com

! from Coin Blocker List
nut.cc

! from Coin Blocker List
okcash.co

! from Coin Blocker List
pandapool.io

! from Coin Blocker List
parsicoin.net

! from Coin Blocker List
pickaxe.pro

! from Coin Blocker List
pool.mn
!+  ovh.pool.mn
! end of pool.mn

! from Coin Blocker List
pool.sexy

! from Coin Blocker List
poolgpu.com

! from Coin Blocker List
pool-moscow.ru

! from Coin Blocker List
poolofd32th.club

! from Coin Blocker List
pool-pay.com

! from Coin Blocker List
poolto.be

! from Coin Blocker List
powermining.pw

! from Coin Blocker List
private-locker.com

! from Coin Blocker List
profitbotpro.com

! from Coin Blocker List
prohash.net

! from Coin Blocker List
raptorpool.org

! from Coin Blocker List
ravencoin.world

! from Coin Blocker List
rigpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
rubypool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
saltpool.net

! from Coin Blocker List
scalaproject.io

! from Coin Blocker List
slushpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
smartpool.by
!+  s.smartpool.by
!+    by.s.smartpool.by
! end of smartpool.by

! from Coin Blocker List
smectapop12.pl

! from Coin Blocker List
solopool.org

! from Coin Blocker List
spectresecurity.io

! from Coin Blocker List
speedup-faucet.com

! from Coin Blocker List
spookypool.nl

! from Coin Blocker List
stat0808.info

! from Coin Blocker List
stex.com

! from Coin Blocker List
streamplay.me
streamplay.to

! from Coin Blocker List
sucrecoin.org

! from Coin Blocker List
superpools.online

! from Coin Blocker List
supportaeon.com

! from Coin Blocker List
supportxmr.com
!+  node.supportxmr.com
! end of supportxmr.com

! from Coin Blocker List
suprnova.cc

! from Coin Blocker List
thecoin.pw
!+  mue.thecoin.pw
! end of thecoin.pw

! from Coin Blocker List
theminingpool.online

! from Coin Blocker List
thruhere.net
!+  miningpool.thruhere.net
! end of thruhere.net

! from Coin Blocker List
triplemining.com

! from Coin Blocker List
turtlepool.space
!+  node.turtlepool.space
! end of turtlepool.space

! from Coin Blocker List
uax.io

! from Coin Blocker List
us2mine.com

! from Coin Blocker List
veriblockpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
voidr.net

! from Coin Blocker List
web.id
!+  rtid-platform.web.id
! end of web.id

! from Coin Blocker List
webchain.network

! from Coin Blocker List
coinpoolit.webhop.me

! from Coin Blocker List
webminepool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
wemine.uk

! from Coin Blocker List
wfmpools.com

! from Coin Blocker List
whalesburg.com
!+  pool.whalesburg.com
! end of whalesburg.com

! from Coin Blocker List
whattomine.com

! from Coin Blocker List
whibbit.cn

! from Coin Blocker List
wickedmine.com
!+  burst.wickedmine.com
! end of wickedmine.com

! from Coin Blocker List
wowne.ro
!+  api.wowne.ro
!+  cart.wowne.ro
!+  catalog.wowne.ro
!+  db.wowne.ro
!+  dbadmin.wowne.ro
!+  explore.wowne.ro
!+  forum.wowne.ro
!+  openpgpkey.wowne.ro
!+  pma.wowne.ro
!+  shop.wowne.ro
!+  sql.wowne.ro
!+  tesetnet.wowne.ro
!+  test.wowne.ro
! end of wowne.ro

! from Coin Blocker List
xpool.net

! from Coin Blocker List
youpool.io

! from Coin Blocker List
z.cash

! from Coin Blocker List
zenpool.io
zenpool.org

! from Coin Blocker List
zent.cash

! from Coin Blocker List
zer0day.ru

! from Coin Blocker List
zergpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
zerocurrency.io

! from Coin Blocker List
zhash.pro

! from Coin Blocker List
zinntikumugai.xyz

! from Coin Blocker List
zinntikumugai.xyz

! from Coin Blocker List
zpool.ca
!+  mine.zpool.ca
!+      eu.mine.zpool.ca
!+      jp.mine.zpool.ca
!+      mine.mine.zpool.ca
!+  mine.zpool.ca
! end of zpool.ca

! from Coin Blocker List
zvuhanie.ml

! from Coin Blocker List
zymerget.bi
zymerget.bid
zymerget.date
zymerget.faith
zymerget.pa
zymerget.party
zymerget.st
zymerget.stream
zymerget.win

! from Coin Blocker List
zzqhsrg.ru

! from Coin Blocker List
zzzthxsyvbzk.cf

!! todo

! from Coin Blocker List
codpool.com
!+  msr.codpool.com
! end of codpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
alpereum.ch

! from Coin Blocker List
lightninghash.com

! from Coin Blocker List
multicoin.co
multicoin.eu

! from Coin Blocker List
multipool.com
multipool.es
multipool.su
multipool.us
multipool.xyz

! from Coin Blocker List
multipooler.com

! from Coin Blocker List
multipools.cl
multipools.club

! from Coin Blocker List
smartcoinpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
monerov.online

! from Coin Blocker List
miners.pro

! from Coin Blocker List
hypernova.pw

! from Coin Blocker List
mining-room.com

! from Coin Blocker List
mining-pool.fr
mining-pool.io

! from Coin Blocker List
mempool.com
!+  contract.mempool.com
! end of mempool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
safex.org

! from Coin Blocker List
zavzlen.ru

! from Coin Blocker List
jsccnn.com

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptopool.eu
!+  thor.cryptopool.eu
! end of cryptopool.eu

! from Coin Blocker List
01crypto.net

! from Coin Blocker List
01xmrpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
123unlock.nl

! from Coin Blocker List
0769.it

! from Coin Blocker List
0880.ml

! from Coin Blocker List
0aqpqdju.me

! from Coin Blocker List
0cash.org

! from Coin Blocker List
0on.info

! from Coin Blocker List
luckyaltcoin.com

! from Coin Blocker List
extremehash.io

! from Coin Blocker List
1-9-90.com

! from Coin Blocker List
connectbtc.com

! from Coin Blocker List
curecoinmirror.com

! from Coin Blocker List
hdpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
smithpool.net

! from Coin Blocker List
poolerino.com

! from Coin Blocker List
suchpool.pw

! from Coin Blocker List
litecoinrain.org

! from Coin Blocker List
1000000satoshi.weebly.com

! from Coin Blocker List
1000expert.com

! from Coin Blocker List
100bitco.in

! from Coin Blocker List
100btc.com

! from Coin Blocker List
100btcpalace.com

! from Coin Blocker List
100-3x.com
100h3x.com
100-btc.com
100timesbitcoins.com
100x-bitcoin.com
100x-btc.com
100x-btc.pw
100x-mlt-btc.com
100xbtc.com
100xbtc.sytes.net
100xdoge.com

! from Coin Blocker List
btc-flow.in

! from Coin Blocker List
101010.pl

! from Coin Blocker List
phoneum.io

! from Coin Blocker List
coinminerz.com

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptopool.eu

! from Coin Blocker List
hpool.com

! from Coin Blocker List
cryptopool.eu

! from Coin Blocker List
10adspay.com

! from Coin Blocker List
10bit.biz
10bit.pw

! from Coin Blocker List
10btc.weebly.com

! from Coin Blocker List
10coindaily.com

! from Coin Blocker List
10dayprofits.com
10daysprofit.co.uk

! from Coin Blocker List
10dollarbillionair.com

! from Coin Blocker List
10in10trading.com

! from Coin Blocker List
10minutebitcoin.com

! from Coin Blocker List
10percentbtc.com

! from Coin Blocker List
10x-bitco.in

! from Coin Blocker List
10x-bitcoin.wix.com

! from Coin Blocker List
10x11.biz

! from Coin Blocker List
10xbitco.in
10xbitcoin.com
10xbtc.ga
10xbtc.net
10xbtc.ru

! from Coin Blocker List
110back.com

! from Coin Blocker List
120bit.com

! from Coin Blocker List
120bitcoins.com

! from Coin Blocker List
120cycle.net

! from Coin Blocker List
120profit.com

! from Coin Blocker List
123test.ark.io

! from Coin Blocker List
12dailycoin.com
12dailycoins.com

! from Coin Blocker List
12inv.com

! from Coin Blocker List
12level.com

! from Coin Blocker List
12usd.biz
